I have zero problems with being called queer, it's essentially how I identify :) so don't worry about it. 

The problem is, my dysphoria hasn't lessened, it's intimately tied up with my chest and that's a problem when that just hasn't changed (and this is after 3 years of HRT, so it's not like I havne't been patient), and I don't know what to do

Implants are a complicated issue for me, if you could garuntee that they would look and feel 100% natural then I would do it instantly (well, finances allowing) the trouble is I *really* hate 99% of the BA's I've seen. They all look fake, they all look unnatural. Even the good ones just look odd. I mean, I dunno, I hope the people who had them are happy but that's not for me. It's exacerbated by having already had a testosterone ruining puberty. That rediculous wide chest just makes any augmentation look strange in my opinion. The only ones I've seen where the results have impressed me, well, I'd kill for those peopels befores :(

It's an emotive issue so I try to not make too many judgemental comments about it, but, I just want normal looking ones that are in proportion and when I look at myself in the mirror I don't want to vomit and when someone touches them I don't burst into tears and scream at them... which isn't how I pictured intimacy when I started out on this process :/

my partner tries to support me, but.. I don't like being supported, my default behaviour is to always just be by myself and it's tricky, because she has what I want, and that makes me jealous and envious... but she tries... it just doesn't help. It doesn't matter how sad someone is for me, how bad they feel, they simply can't help and I'm still left as a waste of space. If *they* could help that would be amazing, but there's just nothing anyone can do to make it better... so I'm just angry and bitter about that and will probably end up alone as I push everyone away.

I'm just stuck in a place where I won't get better, there is nothing to be done, and I can't cope with that, I just figure death is a good way out.

It's super awesome about the necklace, so that's soooo cool :D she's liked a few of my tweets and facebook posts and that makes me happy

I'm glad you're getting better, that's a really great thing and hopefully reading my sadness isn't triggering.

I don't know what to do and I feel alone and It's never going to change, because my chest isn't going to ,and thus the wa I feel isn't going to... there is no respite, not let up, ever, every single day of my life I'm gonna feel this way, so I choose to make that life as short as possible. I think having BPD makes it worse, it ties into that sense of invalidation, it triggers my rage and hurt... I dcan't deal with comple emotions, I can't process complex thought patterns about thigns and I just explode, and meh... it doesn't matter, I mean it does matter, but it mattering doesn't cahnge anything and it can't be altered, so ultimately it doesn't matter

The BA would be probably doable, I'm very lucky, I have a stable job that pays pretty well... I'm good at something (software development) that pays well and tollerates a great degree of neuroatypical traits in the peopel in it. I'm very lucky, it just... it just doesn't matter to me. At the moment I'm feeling super unapreciated at work so tonight I wrote my CV and am going to be putting it up tomorrow to see if anyone bites. I have this strange urge that I want to work in London and feel like maybe now is the time to do it.

I'm having  good evening, I'm not crying in bed or drunk on a bottle of wine, so took the opertunity to actually achieve something. Then I watched the BBC's Boy Meets Girl, it's there first "trans sitcom" where it's actually kinda nice and sweet and good. Could be a lot queerer though :) I guess we always just end up assuming that everyone is like us because of the peopel we hang around with are but... I forget just how many straight trans women there are out there. Most of my friends are, to quote Dr. Who, all wibbly wobbly in the sexuality / gender front, which is awesome and just how I like it... 

I can sympathise about socail anxiety, it's crippling, I suffer really badly with it and yeah... cancelling plans is the best drug ever, normally because I've spent 4 hours having a panic attack over the fact I won't know which way a door opens and thus will get it wrong and thus somehoe out myself as "not beloninging in that space" which is the absolute worst thing my brain can provide. IT's like I have to feel like I belong in a space at all times and I can't be notices unless it's for a good reason... I just hate unknowns so... blergh.... absolute control over a space is important but alas mostly unobtainable outside my hosue

Hope you'e had a good evening, if it is evening, what timezone are you in... I'm in the UK

Katie

